docs: note api run in same process (#8230)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/api-javascript.md

})()
```

::: tip NOTE

> When using `createServer` and `build` in the same Node.js process, both functions rely on `process.env.NODE_ENV` to work properly, which also depends on the `mode` config option. To prevent conflicting behaviour, set `process.env.NODE_ENV` or the `mode` of the two APIs to `development`. Otherwise, you can spawn a child process to run the APIs separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `createServer` and `build` in the same Node.js process, both functions rely on `process.env.\u200bNODE_ENV` to work properly, which also depends on the `mode` config option. To prevent conflicting behavior, set `process.env.\u200bNODE_ENV` or the `mode` of the two APIs to `development`. Otherwise, you can spawn a child process to run the APIs separately.
```

Reviewer: @bluwy not ideal, but at least until there is a better solution we can do this.

Author: We can leave the issue as is also though, since the prod build works correctly. It'll just be a bit annoying when developing locally.

I don't mind using this hack if we're not releasing a new docs version soon though. And we can find a fix at the meantime.

Also, this issue also happens in the SSR page, which uses `process.env.NODE_ENV` too

Reviewer: We can use the hack there too then, we aren't going to release the docs for another month. And Kia just told me he is going to send a PR with a new theme so I prefer that he don't deal with these errors in dev.

  inMap?: object
): Promise<ESBuildTransformResult>
```

## Usage Notes

> When using `createServer` and `build` in the same Node.js process, both functions rely on `process.env.NODE_ENV` to work properly, which also depends on the `mode` config option. To prevent conflicting behaviour, set `process.env.NODE_ENV` or the `mode` of the two APIs to `development`. Otherwise, you can spawn a child process to run the APIs separately.

Reviewer: Maybe add it as a note in `createServer`? I know that it should be in both and that is why it is in a new section here, but I think making the note be close to one of them would increase the chances of people seeing it.

Author: updated
